meta	others	ALFRED DANY J
meta	others	Email-Id: alfreddany@gmail.com
meta	others	Contact No: +91-9486941120
header	others	Job Objective:
content	others	To serve the organization with best of my technical skills and abilities by utilizing my educational and professional
content	others	knowledge and competencies acquired by me in my academic career and professional experience.
header	knowledge	Functional Skills:
content	knowledge	ITIL Processes
content	knowledge	IT Infrastructure Support
content	knowledge	Intense collaboration, Passionate customer focus
content	knowledge	  Thoughtful, fast, disciplined execution
content	knowledge	  Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement
content	knowledge	  Relentless drive to win
content	knowledge	  Understanding user requirements, error troubleshooting , fixing their issues and Bug identification.
content	knowledge	  Monitoring the application process , application logs and managing appropriate resolutions in case of failures.
content	knowledge	  Passionate towards solving business problems , learning new technologies / process , customer satisfaction , job
content	knowledge	Interested in debugging the technical components for root cause analysis.
content	knowledge	engagement and fulfilling assigned responsibility
content	experience	  Minimum of 2 years in Application Support , especially in L2/L3 Support and enhancements.
content	knowledge	  Abe to understand IT Projects , Concepts , Programming languages and experienced working in IT Support
content	knowledge	projects.
header	knowledge	Technical Skills :
content	knowledge	  Technologies : Java, SQL, Unix, HTML, C++, JavaScript, CSS
content	knowledge	  Data Base: Oracle SQL Developer
content	knowledge	  Operating System: Windows, Linux
content	knowledge	  Angular – (Pursuing)
header	knowledge	IT Skills:
content	knowledge	  Jira
content	knowledge	  Confluence
content	knowledge	  SVN
content	knowledge	  Shared Repository
content	knowledge	  Concur Travel App
content	knowledge	  Tangoe Payment files
content	knowledge	  Service Now
header	knowledge	Tools Used:
content	knowledge	Informatica
content	knowledge	  Eclipse
content	knowledge	
content	knowledge	  Oracle SQL developer
content	knowledge	  JXplorer
content	knowledge	  Tortoise SVN
content	knowledge	  Putty
content	knowledge	  Winscp
header	experience	Employment:
content	experience	  Joined Cognizant- Dec 2017 as Programmer Analyst Trainee
content	experience	  Dec 2017 – March 2018 (Trained in Cognizant Academy on Advanced Java), Coimbatore.
content	experience	April 2018 – Till present (Working in cognizant for the project Amgen as Java Developer (Programmer Analyst).
header	project	Project Details:
content	project	  Project Title : Amgen
content	project	  Domain: Life Science
content	project	  Role: Java Developer
content	project	  Location: Chennai, India
content	project	  Environment:  JAVA
header	experience	Experience:
content	experience	  Around 1 year 10 months of experience, worked as a JAVA developer and establish strong relationship with
content	experience	Business, end users and technical resources
content	knowledge	  Web logic upgrade – Java version upgrade performed for set of applications in the project.
content	knowledge	  Minor Enhancements using java scripting in the application Jira. Increasing the functionality and process
content	knowledge	
content	knowledge	Improvement in the Jira application for the users based on their demand and request.
content	knowledge	Integration of various tools like Prism, Rally to Jira. And migration of the projects and functionality from other
content	knowledge	environment/instances to Jira by coordinating with the various teams.
content	project	  Strong ability in resolving complex project related issues and have received multiple appreciation from the
content	project	project management and have also received star performer award from Business.
content	knowledge	  Having strong knowledge in UNIX commands and UNIX based server deployments.
content	knowledge	  Having strong knowledge in SQL queries.
content	others	  Ability to adjust both written and oral communications to a variety of different audience.
content	others	  Ability to perform well in a large team with proper coordination.
content	others	  Ability to work independently to complete assigned tasks and to work in tight deadlines.
header	others	Responsibilities:
content	others	Integrate code changes, test code changes, and document code changes.
content	others	
content	others	  Ownership- System owner Role in project from the cognizant part for the set of applications ( Jira, Confluence,
content	others	SVN and Tangoe payment files). Responsible/ owner for the above applications from cognizant end.
content	others	  Carrying out system ownership activities like, privileged and non-privileged access reviews, service account
content	others	
content	others	password reset, to maintain the application quality score and to perform maintenance activities for the
content	others	applications.
content	others	Interact with Business Analysts and participate in user requirement sessions to analyze and gather business
content	others	requirements.
content	others	Installation, configuration, Management and upgrade of various web applications.
content	others	
content	others	  Deployment of new builds and debug application deployment issues.
content	others	  Preparation of technical document specifying the solutions for various functionalities in the system.
content	others	  Ensure overall organizational support goals are met (i.e. SLA, incident / problem reduction, application
content	others	availability).
content	others	  Analyze complex production issues and troubleshoot the root cause and fix the issue.
content	others	  Writing scripts to automate standard tasks.
content	others	  Manage client impacting incidents including business impact assessment, technical resolution, engagement, and
content	others	communications.
content	others	  Try to replicate the issues reported by client in similar environment.
content	others	  Collaborate with database technical teams to ensure proper integration of the environment.
content	others	  Weekly reporting to client through teleconferencing or webex.
content	others	  Defect fixing for the issues in Servers on Disk Utilization, CPU Utilization & Memory Utilization.
content	others	  Manage and analyze log files to find information and facilitate problem resolution.
content	others	  Ensures monitoring alerts and systems events are assessed, prioritized, and managed.
header	education	Educational Credentials:
meta	education	  BE (ECE), 2013-2017, St.Joseph’s College Of Engineering, Chennai, CGPA- 7.08
meta	education	  HSS, 2011-2013, Campion Anglo Indian Hr. Sec. School, Trichy,  84.6%
meta	education	  SSLC 2010,  Campion Anglo Indian Hr. Sec. School, Trichy,  91.4%
header	others	Personal Details:
meta	others	  Name: Alfred Dany J
meta	others	  Fathers Name: John Peter A
meta	others	  Gender: Male
meta	others	  Language: English, Tamil
meta	others	  Address: Flat No: 4212, Arun Excello Compact Homes (Sankara apartments),
meta	others	Kolathur Village, Mambakkam,
meta	others	(Near Kelambakkam-Vandalur Road)
meta	others	Chennai – 600127.
content	others	I hereby declare that all the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge.
content	others	Place: Chennai                                                                                                                                                      ALFRED DANY J
