meta	others	Gowthaman
meta	others	+91 9743890006
meta	others	togowthamblr@gmail.com
header	others	Carrier abstract
content	experience	-  14.10 Years strong IT experience in java, microservices, spring, srpingboot, biodata , ML and AWS, AZURE focus to play end to end
content	knowledge	implementation used spring boot and microservices.
content	knowledge	Expertise in Big data architecture with Hadoop and its eco system tools HBase, Hive, Pig, Zookeeper, Oozie, Flume, Avro, Apache spark and
content	knowledge	Spark Streaming and Spark SQL.
content	knowledge	-    Foundational knowledge of algorithms, statistics, and data processing
content	knowledge	-    Background in NLP and deep learning, and their corresponding tools and techniques
content	knowledge	-  Knowledge of open source ML framework and work with Data Scientist and Product Managers and ensure integration of ML Models.
content	knowledge	-  Develop new ML and Deep learning model to detect the malicious activity with different devices.
content	knowledge	-  Understanding of Cloud concepts ALB , NLB , CLB, AutoScaling, Bluegreen Deplyments .
content	knowledge	Efficient in working with Hive data warehouse tool creating tables, data distributing by implementing Partitioning and Bucketing strategy, writing
content	knowledge	and optimizing the HiveQL queries.
content	knowledge	-  Strong hands-on experience in Microservices architectural patterns application pattern, application infrastructure pattern and infrastructure
content	knowledge	-  Used srpingboot auto configuration for built in classes and added spring boot starter dependencies in maven config file. Used embedded tomcat
content	knowledge	patterns
content	knowledge	server and actuator end points.
content	knowledge	-  Developed Model Layer using Jpa Repository in Spring Data Jpa, Designed and Implemented Micro services using Spring Boot and created a
content	knowledge	separate schema per every micro service in database design.
content	knowledge	-  Added both REST and Messaging End points to communicate micro services through HTTP and AMQP protocols using RabbitMQ Server.
content	knowledge	Implemented Cloud capabilities like Centralized Configuration, Load Balancing, and Service-to-Service call using Feign, Service Registry and
content	knowledge	Discovery using Eureka in Spring Cloud.
content	knowledge	-  Worked on Amazon Web Services ( EC2, ELB, VPC, S3, Cloud Front, IAM, RDS, Route 53, Cloud Watch, SNS,SQS)
content	knowledge	-  Major domains a like Retail, mCommerce, Insurance, Telecom, Shipping and Transportation and Healthcare.
content	knowledge	Implemented Kafka Security Features using SSL and without Kerberos. Further with more grain-fines Security I set up Kerberos to have users and
content	knowledge	groups this will enable more advanced security features.
content	others	Certifications
content	others	AWS – Solution Architect Associate
content	others	Core Competencies:
content	others	Teamwork, Communication, Adaptability, Reliability, Motivation, Integrity, Decision making, Initiative, work standards, problem-solving, stress
content	others	tolerance and organizing.
content	others	Accomplishment
content	others	-  Best Team awards from Adithyabirla Minacs
content	others	-
content	others	Innovation award from HP Bangalore
content	others	Academics
content	education	Master of Computer Application from Bharathidasan University Tamilnadu.
content	education	Bachelor of Mathematics from Bharathidasan University Tamilnadu.
content	project	Employment History
content	project	Company: Kerastech Analytics Chennai
content	project	Project : POS-MAKER
content	project	Description & Duration: Jun’16 to till
content	project	POS-MAKER is Cloud-based pos-maker is generally on a tablet POS that’s used on-premise. mPOSMAKER is a subcategory of cloud-based pos-
content	project	maker and is usually an App on mobile devices like an iPad or Android tablet, and even on smartphones to manage Credit card processing, Inventory
content	project	tracking,Multi-store scalability (if you have or plan on having multiple locations). Color and size matrixing,Product variants, Employee commissions,
content	project	Customer database, Gift registry and layaways Purchase orders, Sales reporting, Hardware integrations like barcode scanners and digital scales
content	project	Software customization, Software/hardware support, Mobile and cloud-based technology to find the best POS solution for your business. It needs to
content	project	have all the features and functions you need to grow your customer base and increase profit.
header	others	Roles & Responsibilities:
content	knowledge	- Worked on Hadoop cluster and different big data analytic tools including Hive, Spark, Sqoop, flume, Oozie and Kafka.
content	knowledge	- Involved in importing and exporting data (Oracle, db2, Mongo to HDFS SQL Server, XML, csv and text file) from local and external file system
content	knowledge	- implemented on Cloud concepts ALB , NLB , CLB, AutoScaling, Bluegreen Deplyments
content	knowledge	- Worked extensively with HIVE DDLs and Hive Query language (HQL).
content	knowledge	- Applied in NLP and deep learning, and their corresponding tools and techniques with Python, big data technologies, tensor flow,
content	knowledge	and other machine learning platforms.
content	knowledge	- Understanding of Cloud concepts ALB , NLB , CLB, AutoScaling, Bluegreen Deplyments
content	knowledge	- Strong understanding of statistical modeling and its application to solving business problems.
content	knowledge	- Created Service Layer  NewCreatePurchaseContext parses the incoming request URL and body, performs validations and creates the context
content	knowledge	used by the Purchase controller create action.
content	knowledge	- Created command object services endpoints CreatePurchaseCommand, ShowPurchaseCommand, Download Command, Register Commands
content	knowledge	- Created CreatePurchasePath computes a request path to the create action of Purchase.
content	knowledge	- Created Controler layer with CreatePurchaseBadRequest runs the method Create of the given controller with the given parameters and payload.
content	knowledge	Skills: Java , Spring , SpringBoot , Microservices , REST , DevOps , AWS Services , Docker , Kuberneties, Kafka , ML
content	knowledge	Company: HP Bangalore
header	project	Project : Symantec - Verisign
header	project	Description & Duration: Aug ’12-may’16
content	project	VIP consists of three products – Authentication, Fraud Detection Services and Identity Proofing. In addition to these software applications and services,
content	project	VIP will offer its customers a portal where they can purchase a VIP branded token and get online help. VIP Quote to Order process would be using
content	project	many of the processes and extensions developed for Token inventory Management (TIM) project as most of the process is similar the MSL address
content	project	validation service.
content	knowledge	Roles & Responsibilities:
content	knowledge	-  Programmed with clean, modular, robust code using Java and XML with Android SDK platform.
content	knowledge	-  All phases of the project including design, development, testing and deployment.
content	knowledge	-  Worked with audio video file programs to enhance, splice, and edit the sound library for applications.
content	knowledge	-  Testing on Physical device and the android emulator.
content	knowledge	-  Involved in MSL, order Management, address validation and FPE modules.
content	knowledge	-  Sustain activity for the MSL, FPE and address validation and related servers.
content	knowledge	-  Deployment with application servers – weblogic. Regular monitoring production environments.
content	knowledge	-  Fixing issues with environment issues from app servers using scripts. Symantec token order management activity
content	knowledge	Skills: JAVA, J2EE, REST API, Hive, Hadoop eco systems, spring, HBase, Hive, Pig, Zookeeper, Oozie, Flume, Avro, Impala,
content	knowledge	Apache spark and Spark - -Streaming and Spark SQL.
content	knowledge	Company: Minacs Bangalore
content	knowledge	Project Description & Duration: Nov’11-Aug ’12
content	knowledge	Sybase365 is a leading provider of mBanking services; Sybase provides mBanking, mPayment, mRemitance    opportunities, developed and
content	knowledge	emerging markets enabling everybody to pay buy and remit money with a mobile device. Developed for codebase for WANDA, MEXICO,
content	knowledge	PERU and ARGENTINA maven implementation for all the countries. State development and complete flow for sends MS, check identification,
content	knowledge	Custom List management.
meta	others	Roles & Responsibilities:
content	others	-  Webservices and developed code for handlers and open – api.
content	others	-  Developed for code base for WANDA, MEXICO, PERU and ARGENTINA maven implementation for all the countries.
content	others	-  State development and complete flow for sendSMS, Check Identification, Custom List Management, Taken ownership for B2B OTRS ticket fixing,
content	others	and estimation.
content	others	WANDA and B2B developments
content	knowledge	-  ISO integration for HISOCK implementation for package and handler creation SOAP UI  test for necessary WSDL Involved in SQL quires for
content	knowledge	Skills: Java, Strips, Spring, Hibernate, REST, SOAP, Oracle , Strips , OpenAPI , JavaScript, CSS, HTML
content	knowledge	Company: Prodapt SouthAfrica
content	project	Project : Discovery - PrupProtect
content	project	Description & Duration: Sep ’10-Jun ’11
content	project	Discovery and Prudential, the largest insurance provider in the UK, has launched PruProtect, the first integrated, consumer engaged life insurance
content	project	company in UK as part of a new joint venture Implementing the command pattern and delegate, DAO, VO, Delegate Query, Written code for session
content	project	bean for domain layer. Generating pdf and using notification engine citrix using xml Involved in locking policy and unlocking policy.
header	others	Roles & Responsibilities:
content	knowledge	-  Implementing the command pattern and delegate, DAO, VO, Delegate Query,
content	knowledge	-  Written code for session bean for domain layer.
content	knowledge	-  Generating pdf and using notification engine citrix using xml
content	knowledge	-  Involved in locking policy and unlocking policy.
content	knowledge	Skills: java, jsp, servlet, struts, ejb, web services, oracle, JavaScript, weblogic, maven, citrix, tibco, spring, hibernate.
content	knowledge	Company: Mphasis Chennai
content	project	Project : Telstra
content	project	Description & Duration: Jan’10-apr’10
content	knowledge	OSCA system has been developed as an interface that sales consultants and other Telstra staff will use to provide support for customers using the
content	knowledge	online services of Telstra Corporation. This system allows the sales consultants to provide a first - level support for inbound customer calls. R & E for
content	knowledge	Siebel registration & security Q&A, implementing business logic code for DAL for DTO to VO, implementing hibernate and web services for R & E.
header	knowledge	Roles & Responsibilities:
content	knowledge	-  R & E for Siebel registration & security Q&A,
content	knowledge	-  Implementing business logic code for DAL for DTO to VO,
content	knowledge	-  Implementing hibernate and webservices for R & E.
content	knowledge	Skills: Java, jsp, servlet, struts, oracle, JavaScript, hibernate, spring, sun server, web services.
content	experience	Company: Vigna technologies Chennai
content	project	Project Description & Duration: Apr’08-Jan’10
content	knowledge	G-MEET is a solution multi-tier support system for a more efficient handling of inbound / outbound calls in BPO operations. The GMEET can use to
content	knowledge	store voice data and send it to clients , The call status is accept, reject, pending, decline Designing in User AccountMaintance module, used LDAP,
content	knowledge	Hibernate with oracle database tables, and developing the code for to handle.
header	others	Roles & Responsibilities:
content	knowledge	-  Designing in User AccountMaintance module and used LDAP,
content	knowledge	-  Hibernate with oracle database tables and developing the code for to handle.
content	knowledge	-  Implementation of XML, webservices with apache-axis
content	knowledge	Skills: Java, jsp, servlet, struts, oracle, ant, html, css, JavaScript, ejb, spring, hibernate, web services.
content	knowledge	Company: Ardor technologies Chennai
content	project	Project Description & Duration: Nov’04-Mar’08
content	project	A Port has several contractors provide services in the movement of containers in and out of the port premises to do submission, verification, approval
content	project	and tracking processes. Test cases, Implementation with web services, database changes in sql queries and stored procedures.
header	experience	Roles & Responsibilities:
content	others	-  Created test cases,
content	others	-  Implementation with webservices,
content	others	-  database changes in sql queries and stored procedures,
content	others	-  documentation & code review
content	knowledge	Skills: Java, servlet, struts, oracle, JavaScript, html, WebLogic
