meta	others	Kiran Kumar G
meta	others	Hyderabad
meta	others	Mobile No: +91 9052422122
meta	others	Email:kiranshal@gmail.com
header	experience	Professional Experience
content	experience	Over 10 years of experience in software industry with specific focus on Spring
content	experience	framework. I intend to boost my career in the organization to create a niche for
content	experience	myself through my passion, dedication and perseverance.
header	experience	Technical Expertise
header	knowledge	Skills Overview:
content	knowledge	▪  Familiar in developing the web applications using the spring framework technologies,
content	knowledge	micro services and deploying on cloud.
content	knowledge	▪  Proficient in Object Oriented Programming Technologies.
content	experience	▪  A  self-motivated  professional  possessing  good
content	experience	problem-solving skills and proven to be a good team player.
content	knowledge	technical,
content	experience	leadership  and
content	experience	▪  Spring Framework
content	experience	▪  Java & J2EE
content	experience	▪  AWS Cloud
content	experience	▪  Micro services
content	experience	▪  JSP, HTML
content	experience	▪  Spring boot
content	experience	▪  Java Script
content	experience	▪  Oracle
content	experience	▪  MySQL
content	experience	▪  Web Services
content	experience	▪  Groovy
header	experience	Working Experience:
content	experience	▪  Currently working as a Senior Consultant  in Virtusa Consulting Services Pvt.
content	experience	Ltd, Hyderabad since Oct 2008  to till date
content	education	▪  M.S Program from International Institute of Information Technology, Pune.
content	education	▪  B.E (C.S.E) from Vasavi College of Engineering, Hyderabad.
header	education	Academic Profile
header	project	Key Projects Summary
content	project	Client                     :  Vodafone (Jan 2017 – June 2019)
content	project	Project                   :  Vodafone Hungry
content	project	Description          :
content	project	Vodafone  is  a  provider  of  telecommunications  services  in  the  United  Kingdom,  and  a
content	project	part  of  the  Vodafone  Group,  the  world's  second-largest  mobile  phone  company.
content	project	Vodafone  provides  services  including  Mobile  payments,  IoT,  enterprise  offerings  and
content	project	entertainment,  accessible  via  both  digital  channels  as  well  as  on-ground  touch  points,
content	project	centers across the country
content	project	Roles and Responsibilities:
content	project	➢  Part of technical design team
content	project	➢  Analyze the requirements and provide the estimates.
content	project	➢  Team lead activities
content	project	➢  Develop and deliver the requirements
content	project	Technologies:  Java/J2EE, Spring boot, Micro services, AWS Cloud, Oracle 12c
content	project	Client                     :  Vodafone (Sep 2012 – Dec 2016)
content	project	Project                   :  Vodafone One Portal UK
content	project	Description           :
content	project	Vodafone  is  a  provider  of  telecommunications  services  in  the  United  Kingdom,  and  a
content	project	part  of  the  Vodafone  Group,  the  world's  second-largest  mobile  phone  company.
content	project	Vodafone  provides  services  including  Mobile  payments,  IoT,  enterprise  offerings  and
content	project	entertainment,  accessible  via  both  digital  channels  as  well  as  on-ground  touch  points,
content	project	centers across the country
content	project	Roles and Responsibilities:
content	project	➢  Part of technical design team
content	project	➢  Analyze the requirements and provide the estimates.
content	project	➢  Team lead activities
content	project	➢  Develop and deliver the requirements
content	project	Technologies:  Java/J2EE, Spring boot, Micro services, AWS Cloud, Oracle 12c
content	project	Client                     :  FIS (Aug 2010 – Sep 2012)
content	project	Project                   :  e-payments
content	project	Description          :
content	project	Metavante  is  banking  and  payment  technology  solutions  provider  offering  services  to
content	project	financial  firms.  Metavante’s  Bill  Payment  Manager  offers  comprehensive  bill  payment
content	project	functionality, quickly and cost-effectively. BPM is a Metavante-hosted service that allows
content	project	customers  to  receive,  view,  manage,  and  pay  all  of  their  bills,  whether  paper  or
content	project	electronic,  from  a  single  website.  With  exceptional,  easy  to  use  technology  such  as
content	project	single sign-on and context sensitive menus.
content	project	Module:  Worked  on  Bill  Process  Manager,  Bill  Distribution  Engine  application  which
content	project	communicates using web services.
content	project	Roles and Responsibilities:
content	project	➢  Developed and consumed web services Java, Axis2, Jquery and Ajax.
content	project	Integrated team members work.
content	project	➢  Coordinated the team and assigned the tasks.
content	project	➢
content	project	➢  Prepared the Unit test cases.
content	project	➢  Actively involved in Code Reviews.
content	project	Technologies: Java, Web Services, JQuery, Ajax, Oracle, WAS7.
header	project	Client
header	project	Project
header	project	Description
content	project	Thomson Innovation is a single, integrated solution that combines intellectual
content	project	property, scientific literature, business data and news with analytic, collaboration and
content	project	alerting tools in a robust platform.
content	project	Technologies: Java, J2EE, Spring Framework 2.0.
content	project	: Thomson Reuters (April 2009 – August 2010)
content	project	:
content	project	: Thomson Innovation
content	project	: Fallon
content	project	: Case Net (October 2008 to March 2009)
content	project	:
header	project	Client
header	project	Project
header	project	Description
content	project	Case NET is a Java based client-server software platform supporting the entire
content	project	spectrum of care management.  The software is tailor able to rapidly fit to any care
content	project	management workflow of the industry.  The system has even been designed in a very
content	project	generic way to accommodate future moves into different industries.
header	project	Technologies: Java, Mysql, JavaScript, HTML
header	project	Client
header	project	Project
header	project	Description
content	project	Reporting System of Record Center comprises of three scenarios namely report request,
content	project	report generation and report access. Reporting System of SKP comprises of two
content	project	scenarios namely report request and report generation.
content	project	Technologies: Java, J2EE, Struts, Progress, XML, Oracle
content	project	: Iron Mountain (March 2008 to October 2008)
content	project	: Record Center
meta	others	:
meta	others	D ATE OF  BIRTH
meta	others	August 21st 1984
