content	experience	✔ Extensive experience in the design and development of applications using Web technologies like
header	experience	PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
header	education	ACADEMIC VALUES
content	education	✔ B.Sc. in Software Engineer (2015 – 2018) from Kongu Engineering college aff.Anna University.
content	knowledge	HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript and JQUERY.
content	knowledge	✔ Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication and collaboration skills.
content	knowledge	✔ Ability to learn & develop using new technologies.
content	knowledge	✔ Excellent in Code debugging skills.
header	knowledge	TECHNICAL SKILLS
content	knowledge	Programming Languages
content	knowledge	Scripting Languages
content	knowledge	Debugging tools
content	knowledge	: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and JQuery
content	knowledge	: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and JQuery
content	project	✔ Extensively having experience in working with Angular 7 modules, services, templates, directives,
content	project	services and dependency injection to create a SPA. Hands on Experience on Angular CLI.
content	project	Domain Knowledge
content	project	: HTML 5, CSS 3,​ ​Bootstrap and Angular 5+
content	project	: JavaScript, JQuery, TypeScript
content	project	: Visual Studio Code, Notepad++
content	project	: Firebug, Chrome Developer Tools.
content	project	: E-Learning, E-Publishing, E-Commerce
content	project	✔ Presently associated with TNQ Technologies  From Jan’2019 to Till Date
content	project	✔ Worked as Intern​ ​at CloudAxis Tech from July’2018 to Dec‘2016
header	project	PROJECT SUMMARY
content	project	Project Name : E-Commerce Application
content	project	: Angular 7, Node JS, Typescript, Express JS, MongoDB
content	project	Environment
content	project	Description     :​ ​E-commerce Application with payment gateway Integration. The Application has the admin
content	project	functionalities. Admin can upload products from the admin panel with categories. He can make the entire
content	project	application from the admin panel. In frontend, the products will be displayed with short description and
content	project	other details. Users can Search, Add products in their cart Update their cart and purchase through PayPal
content	project	✔ Involved in analysing, designing and developing the solution for the project
content	project	✔ Responsible for the partial development of the application which is based on
content	project	✔ Involved in defect fixing
content	project	Involved in designing and create store procedures with respect to requirement
content	project	Project Name : Guatemala
content	project	Environment
content	project	: ​This project is about creating an online tutorial for the School Kids. It contains four
content	project	screens and eight activities. Each ​activity contains learning modules. We have implemented various
content	project	Drag and Drop and Click events which developed using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and JQuery used for
content	project	input validation process.
content	project	✔ Participated in the System Study and preparation of Software Requirement Specifications design
content	project	✔ Developed front-end Design
content	project	✔ Developed and merged the completed forms to make the file into a single form
content	project	✔ Created various input validation using JQuery
content	project	Project Name : Smile Education
content	project	Environment
content	project	project that we do is about creating LKG, UKG book for interactivity and learning. This book contains 4
content	project	Major parts and we use a lot of animation and SVG elements in this project
content	project	✔ Participated in the system study and preparation of software requirement specifications design
content	project	✔ Developed front-end Design
content	project	✔ Implemented various user input validations
content	project	✔ Maintained close communication with UI/UX team to enhance product quality
meta	others	Email ID :​saravanamuthu209@gmail.com​                                                                      ​Mobile : ​+91-8248790849
meta	others	Name: K.Saravana Muthu
meta	others	: ​Smile Education is an Indian company that offers primary education in India. The
meta	others	Date of Birth
meta	others	Marital Status
meta	others	: 6/684,Sirumugai,Coimbatore,Tamil nadu.
meta	others	: Tamil, English