content	experience	3+ years of experience as a Software development Engineer i.e. Web-based applications and associated technology components. Distributed Architecture Applications using Java and J2EE.
content	experience	Good experience in working with Spring Framework.
content	experience	Hands on Experience in Spring Boot.
content	experience	Awareness of Micro Services Architecture
content	experience	Extensive Experience in using MVC (Model View Controller) architecture for developing applications using JSP, Java Beans and Servlets.
content	experience	Good Exposure on JAXB (Marshalling and Unmarshalling).
content	experience	Awareness in SOAP Based Web Services (Consumer and Provider).
content	experience	Developed Restful Web Services (Resource and Client) and have hands on Experience on it.
content	experience	Working experience on Maven.
content	experience	Working experience on LOG4J for debugging.
header	experience	WORK EXPERIENCE:
content	experience	Working as a Software Engineer with Traverse TXM Technology private limited, Chennai from Feb 2017 to present.
header	knowledge	Career objective:
content	knowledge	Good Knowledge in J2EE Technologies (JDBC, JSP, Servlets).
content	knowledge	Having good exposure in writing the Persistence layer using ORM tool Hibernate and JPA.
content	knowledge	Worked on Spring data JPA.
content	knowledge	Good knowledge in XML (DTD, SCHEMA).
content	knowledge	Having a good knowledge in JAXP (SAX, DOM).
content	knowledge	Good knowledge Asynchronous rest API.
content	knowledge	Good knowledge Security for Restful services.
content	knowledge	Awareness in HTML, JavaScript.
content	knowledge	Working Knowledge version control tool GIT.
header	knowledge	Technical Skills
content	project	Experience in using Agile SCRUM methodology for developing the application.
content	project	Worked on Spring integration with hibernate.
content	project	Good experience of developing data models using Hibernate Entities and configuring Hibernate persistence layer.
content	project	Awareness in JAXRPC (Provider and consumer).
content	project	Good Knowledge around Gang of Four Design patterns (Singleton, Factory, Abstract Factory, Fly Weight, Strategy, Builder) and implemented some of it as part of application classes.
header	project	Project Detail:
content	project	PRA (Project Resource Allocation): This tool is used for allocating the resource to the projects based on resource availability.
content	project	DAT (Daily Activity Tracker): This tool is used to track the resources daily activities in respective project.
content	project	PBS (Project Budgeting System): This tool is used for calculating Project Budget and Profit with all deductions on monthly basis.
content	project	Involved in gathering the requirements, analysis, design & development of the project. Involved in development of Web Forms, classes using JAVA that incorporates both N-
content	project	Tier Architecture, and Database Connectivity. Developed classes using MVC patterns.
content	project	Developed Persistence layer using Hibernate framework. Created server controls.
content	project	Used AJAX to trade data with Server without reloading the page. Used SVN for integration, maintenance and Security of code.
meta	others	E-mail: beherasumant7008@gmail.com PHONE: +91 7008280033
meta	others	Willing to work in a challenging and professional environment and achieved significant position in growing software organization that will offer better career as well a good opportunity to do.
meta	others	Gender : Male
meta	others	Marital Status : Single
meta	others	Languages Known : English, Hindi, Odia
meta	others	I hereby declare that all information furnished by me is true to best of my knowledge.
meta	others	Date: Sumant Behera