meta	others	ANKAMMA RAO KADIYAM
meta	others	Software Engineering Lead
meta	others	Phone: 9550568153 | Email: kadiyamrao@gmail.com
header	experience	Professional Summary
content	experience	 14+  years  of  extensive  working  experience  in  Architecture,  Design,  Development  and
content	experience	support of Software applications using JAVA, J2EE and SOA and UML Design Patterns in
content	experience	Financial, Investment, Insurance Domains and its Billing Systems.
content	experience	 Experience in developing Micro Services with DevOps architecture by utilizing Docker.
content	experience	 Extensive experience with Service Oriented Architecture (SOA), systems design, development,
content	experience	integration and executing n-Tier applications with SOAP over JMS and Rest Services.
content	experience	 Experience  in  designing  and  developing  applications  with  Proven  Design  Patterns  and
content	experience	Principles.
content	experience	 Experience includes working with all levels of the organization such as developer, leads as well
content	experience	as management.
content	experience	 Excellent  project  life  cycle  experience  (SDLC)  in  all  aspects  of  requirements  specifications,
content	experience	design,  code,  test,  deploy,  maintaining  and  also  have  implemented  projects  in  Waterfall,
content	experience	AGILE/SCRUM and SAFe Agile methodologies.
content	experience	 Has  extensive  experience  in  preparing  HLD,  LLD.  Strong      in      the      complete      Software
content	experience	Development   Life   Cycle (SDLC) including   requirements   definition, design, programming /
content	experience	testing and implementation of major systems.
content	experience	 Experience in User Experience (UX) design and development, User Interactive (UI) Web Pages
content	experience	and  visually  appealing  User  Interfaces  using  HTML  5,  CSS3,  Bootstrap,  SASS,  JavaScript,
content	experience	JQuery, Redux and React-JS.
content	experience	 Expertise in development and deployment of multi-tiered web based enterprise applications using
content	experience	J2EE  technologies  like  Servlets  3.0/2.5,  JSP  1.1/2.0,  JDBC,  JNDI,  Java  Beans  and  Web
content	experience	services (SOAP, Rest).
content	experience	 Experience  in  configuring  and  deploying  the  web  applications  on  WebLogic,  WebSphere  and
content	experience	JBoss Application Servers including hands on experience in using Tomcat web Server.
content	experience	 Expertise  in  using  Java  IDE  tools  of  Rational  Application  Developer  (RAD),  Web  Sphere
content	experience	Application Developer (WSAD), Eclipse EE 3.0/3.2, RSA 7.0 and Netbeans to develop dynamic
content	experience	web applications..
content	experience	 Hands-on experience working with source control tools such as CVS, Clear Case, SVN, Git and
content	experience	Surround SCM.
content	experience	 Work  Experience  with  testing  tools  and  applications  such  as  JUnit,  Mockito,  FireBug,
content	experience	FirePoster, SoapUI and performed Unit testing, integrated testing, and closely worked with QA
content	experience	team in preparation of Test plans.
content	experience	 Good  exposure  in  interacting  with  clients  and  solving  application  environment  issues  and  can
content	experience	communicate effectively with people at different levels including stakeholders, internal teams and
content	experience	the senior management.
content	experience	 Driven by new challenges and adept at adapting to any cultural and business environments.
content	experience	 Experienced in Onsite - Near shore - Offshore model and Pair Programming.
header	knowledge	Skills Profile
header	knowledge	Languages
content	knowledge	DevOps
content	knowledge	SOA
content	knowledge	Data Formats
content	knowledge	Frameworks
content	knowledge	JavaScript & Front End
content	knowledge	Frameworks
content	knowledge	Database
content	knowledge	Java J2EE (Servlets, JPA, JAX-RPC/WS/RS, JAXB), SQL, PL/SQL
content	knowledge	Docker, Jenkins, Dyna Trace, GIT, Gradle, Ready API, Kubernetes,
content	knowledge	Grafana, Kibana, Prometheus
content	knowledge	Micro Services, Web services (SOAP, REST), JMS
content	knowledge	JSON, XML, XSD
content	knowledge	Spring, Hibernate, JPA, Struts, Wicket, Selenium, Internet Portal
content	knowledge	Framework (IPF), Business Services Framework and Presentation
content	knowledge	Services Framework
content	knowledge	HTML 4.01/5, JavaScript, ES6, AJAX, React, Redux, Node JS.
content	knowledge	DB2, Oracle, UDB, MySQL
content	knowledge	Testing Frameworks
content	knowledge	Junit, Mockito, Power Mockito, Mocha, Chai,
content	knowledge	Application  Servers
header	knowledge	Tools
content	knowledge	Versioning
content	knowledge	IBM-WebSphere, Apache Tomcat, JBoss
content	knowledge	IBM-RSA, Eclipse, VSCode, Visio, Putty, SQL Squirrel, Webstorm, SQL
content	knowledge	Developer, Maven, Ant, IntelliJ
content	knowledge	GIT, SVN, IBM-Clear Case, Borland StarTeam
content	knowledge	Management
content	knowledge	Project Methodologies
content	knowledge	IBM-Clear Quest, RTC, JIRA
content	knowledge	AGILE/SCRUM, Waterfall, Lean (Iterative) Agile, Lab Agile, SAFe Agile
header	education	Education
content	education	Course
content	education	Master of Computer Applications
content	education	Career Profile
content	education	Dates
content	education	May 2007 - till date
content	education	Feb 2005 - May 2007
content	education	Professional Experience
content	education	University / Institution
content	education	Madras University, Chennai
content	education	Year of Passing
content	education	2004
content	education	Organization
header	experience	Tata Consultancy Services
header	project	TWWI
header	project	Designation
header	project	Associate Consultant
header	project	Software Engineer
content	project	Project Title: Property and Casualty Billing Transformation System
content	project	Period:From August 2015 to till date
content	project	Client: United Services Automobile Association (USAA)
header	project	Position:
header	project	About the project:
content	project	Tech Lead
content	project	Building an enterprise billing system that can be utilized across USAA (all Line of
content	project	Business’s whenever needed).Currently targeted to Property and Casualty Product billing. We
content	project	are modernizing the billing system and taking advantage of integration opportunities between
content	project	billing capabilities and enterprise Money movement payment capabilities to bring the billing
content	project	system real time.
content	project	Executing this project will enhance the capabilities of CAS Payment System
content	project	Integration of Billing capabilities and enterprise money movement system.
content	project	a. Enterprise Billing Capabilities
content	project	b. Reduce Complexity to help business users
content	project	d. Define Billing Plan/Dates that includes recipient of the bill
content	project	e. Post Overpayment, Underpayment information and determine due amount
content	project	f. Mortgagee billing and payments
header	project	Responsibilities and accomplishments:
content	project	 Received appreciation from customer for creation of dashboard using Splunk
content	project	 Developed test data preparation tool as part of ideathon reduce 70% time in preparing
content	project	test data.
content	project	 Came up with guidelines and approach for high available test environment to support
content	project	quality assurance team
content	project	 Established environment support team as systems team while team migrating from
content	project	scrum to SAFe execution
content	project	 Design of Rest APIs using RESTFull API guidelines.
content	project	Project Title: Digital Parity – Money Movement
content	project	Period:From Feb 2014 to July 2015
content	project	Client: United Services Automobile Association (USAA)
content	project	Position:
header	project	About the project:
content	project	Scrum Master
content	project	Accelerate providing members more capabilities for Money Movement on mobile to
content	project	better serve our members on mobile, improve member satisfaction and reduce impact to contact
content	project	center by enabling more self-service capabilities. Provide members the following capabilities on
content	project	iphone app, Android app, Ipad app and mobile web site. Setup, view and cancel automatic
content	project	payment plan for internal bills
header	project	Accomplishments:
content	project	 Received accolated on achieving more than 75% of junit code coverage of all the
content	project	components delivered.
content	project	 Provided guidance in implementing publish and subscribe mechanism using standard
content	project	IBM facilities.
content	project	 Conducted trainings on Scrum training for the entire portfolio of 200+ associates
content	project	 Conducted knowledge sharing sessions on new age technologies and SAFe.
content	project	Project Title: Knowledge Delivery
content	project	Period:From April 2013 to Jan 2014
content	project	Client: United Services Automobile Association (USAA)
header	project	Position:
header	project	About the project:
content	project	Lead and Scrum master
content	project	Empower Member Service Representatives (MSRs) with contextual, relevant accurate
content	project	and intuitively organized content at the right time enabling them to provide consistent
content	project	experiences to members in each and every interaction. Reduce MSR handle time and improve
content	project	member experience. Continue the of Knowledge Delivery system to all MSRs that are skilled to
content	project	handle the following bank products: Deposits, Credit Cards, Home Equity and Mortgage
content	project	Originations
header	project	Accomplishments:
content	project	Learned XSLT to migrate html content and built the team to migrate html content.
content	project	
content	project	 Received customer accolades on migrating content before planned date.
content	project	 Sprint demo is done from offshore to showcase offshore team capability.
content	project	Project Lead
content	project	Project Title: Modular Eligibility and Personal information
content	project	Period:From Sep 2012 to March 2013
content	project	Client: United Services Automobile Association (USAA)
header	project	Position:
header	project	About the project:
content	project	Create a reusable application to collect personal and eligibility information for acquisition. Make
content	project	eligibility and personal information rules re-usable across channels. Widgets must meet each
content	project	product application requirements for prospects and members. Establish process for relationship
content	project	deepening for probable members Implement the widget for identified public and service side
content	project	applications. Pre-fill personal information application with previously gathered data. Provide
content	project	capability to personalize content and market to probable members. Incorporate registration into
content	project	the reusable personal information widget.
header	project	Accomplishments:
content	project	Lead the effort of creating prototype using wicket while help us gaining the UI effort.
content	project	
content	project	 Conducted KT sessions for new joiners into the project.
content	project	
content	project	Involved in installing the application in development environment.
content	project	Module Lead
content	project	Project Name   : Prospect Registration
content	project	Period:From Oct 2010 to Aug 2012
content	project	Client: United Services Automobile Association (USAA)
header	project	Position:
header	project	About the project:
content	project	Creating a rich and repeatable shopping experience by allowing Prospects to review and update
content	project	Saved items, Quotes and Calculators and for easy transition from Prospects to Members. This
content	project	project modifies the existing member eligibility application facilitating the conversion of
content	project	Prospects to Member. This increases the business by increasing the number of members and
content	project	improving the member experience
header	project	Accomplishments:
content	project	 Migration of Star team to RTC
content	project	 Selenium script for automatic build and deploy to web sphere application server
content	project	
content	project	Implemented first ever scrum team with anyone can play developer / tester.
content	project	Module Lead
content	project	Project Title: BD – Establish Marketing Leads Repository
content	project	Period:From March 2009 to Sep 2010
content	project	Client: United Services Automobile Association (USAA)
header	project	Position:
header	project	About the project:
content	project	Implement salesforce.com software solution to meet customer marketing and Member Delivery
content	project	& Partnership for collecting, refining and gathering non member sales leads. Integrated
content	project	Salesforce.com and supporting software with customer marketing processes to provide the
content	project	capability to: Communicate via multi-channel. i.e.phone, mail, email. Generate follow-up
content	project	communications via time-released multi-wave contacts. Support multiple prospect lead type
content	project	capture and scoring. Determine campaign type by scoring/ranking. Exclude leads from
content	project	campaigns through exclusion rules. Import purchased lists of new prospects leads
header	project	Accomplishments:
content	project	Integration of marketing leads with Salesforce using SOAP services.
content	project	
content	project	 Co-ordination with the quality assurance team.
header	project	Senior Developer
content	project	Project Name   : Annuity Agency Reporting
content	project	Period:From Aug 2008 to Feb 2009
content	project	Client: United Services Automobile Association (USAA)
header	project	Position:
header	project	About the project:
content	project	This project helps the USAA Life insurance company to adopt the Agency modeling company
content	project	from the direct response company. Also it adds the functionality to collect necessary information
content	project	of the contract which contains the replacement contracts during the acquisition flow. Modify
content	project	annuity acquisition processes on USAA.com/PORTAL and Green Screens for Agency
content	project	requirements. Collect member’s responses to replacement questions and populate responses
content	project	on replacement form. Ability to capture agency replacement requirements for applications
content	project	created or modified in green screens
header	project	Accomplishments:
content	project	
content	project	Implemented zero defects through shift left approach
content	project	Project Title: ROAAP Dual facing
content	project	Period:From Jan 2008 to July 2008
content	project	Client: United Services Automobile Association (USAA)
header	project	Position:
header	project	About the project:
content	project	Annuity acquisition and fulfillment systems to be dual-facing for the member and MSA. Initiate
content	project	the first phase of building one annuity acquisition toll with the ability to identify the MSA
content	project	generating an application to support compliance in annuity acquisition. Update acquisition and
content	project	Developer
content	project	fulfilment systems and tools (ROAAP) to enable the saving and income annuity acquisition flow
content	project	to be used by both the member and the MSA (dual-facing). Turn off save functionality in
content	project	Shadow. Keep MSA partial save functionality for MSA ROAAP. Updating disclosures and
content	project	education (IOP) for LIIS. FPS and SELECT annuities areas
header	project	Accomplishments:
content	project	
content	project	
content	project	Implemented role bases authentication and content generation using web content
content	project	manager.
content	project	Lead the configuration team at offshore and streamlined the process by framing
content	project	objectives of the team.
content	project	Developer
content	project	Project Title   : External Account Verification
content	project	Period:From May 2007 to Dec 2007
content	project	Client: United Services Automobile Association (USAA)
header	project	Position:
header	project	About the project:
content	project	Validate that the member owns the external financial institution account they are adding to the
content	project	external account database, to protect USAA against deposit fraud losses. Modify the current
content	project	Add External Account and Manage Accounts applications to incorporate the use of instant
content	project	verification and trial-deposit verification services by CashEdge, Inc. Convert the Add External
content	project	Account and Manage Accounts MSR Portal applications to dual-facing applications.
header	project	Accomplishments:
content	project	 Proposed and implemented externalization business rules using Ilog Jrules
content	project	 Established configuration management team to support web sphere application server
content	project	for development team.
meta	others	Personal Details
meta	others	Sex
meta	others	Nationality
meta	others	Marital Status
meta	others	Male
