content	education	M.E in Computer Science and Engineering (2013-2015) from Govt.College of Engineering, Tirunelveli under Anna University with CGPA 7.69.
content	education	B.Tech in Information Technology (2009-2012) from PET Engineering College, Vallioor under Anna University with CGPA 7.66.
content	education	B.Sc. in Mathematics (2006-2009) from Arignar Anna College, Aralvoimozhi under Manonmaniam Sundaranar University with 85.1% aggregate .
content	education	HSC from Sacred Heart Higher Secondary School, Kavalkinaru with 79% aggregate.
content	education	SSLC from Sacred Heart Higher Secondary School, Kavalkinaru with 93% aggregate.
header	knowledge	CAREER OBJECTIVE
content	knowledge	AN OVERVIEW
content	knowledge	Attended a certification course of 3 months on “JAVASCRIPT AND ANGULAR 8” at CREDO SYSTEMZ, Velachery
content	knowledge	Designing and developing dynamic User Interface for the web application using HTML5, AngularJS, Javascript, CSS3 and Bootstrap.
content	knowledge	Created custom Pipe for ordering array of objects.
content	project	Proficient in developing User Interface using Angular 8, Javascript, HTML 5, CSS 3.
content	project	Adept in understanding the Requirements and troubleshooting complex application problems.
header	project	ACADEMIC PROJECTS
content	project	E-Commerce Application
content	project	Created custom Components, Directives and Pipes/Filters for reuse.
content	project	Created Routing file for the entire application using angular router.
content	project	Created custom attribute directives for input validations.
content	project	During M. E
content	project	Title: Maintaining Lifetime of Wireless Adhoc Sensor Networks by Mitigating Vampire Attacks
content	project	Domain: Wireless Sensor Networks
content	project	The objective of this work is to securely send the packets from source to destination without the interruption of vampire attacks using signature chaining algorithm.
content	project	Title: User and Query Dependent Ranking for Web Databases Related to Automobile Sector
content	project	Domain: Data Mining
content	project	The objective of this work is to rank the query results for web databases using user and query dependent models.
meta	others	Mobile: +91 8220342203
meta	others	Father’s name : Mr.D.Antony George
meta	others	Date of Birth : 15 August 1988
meta	others	Nationality : Indian
meta	others	Languages Known : English, Tamil
meta	others	Marital Status : Married