header	others	NAGA BARANEE THARAN R
meta	others	Mobile No:7339046460
meta	others	Email_id : baraniravi97@gmail.comsss
header	others	OBJECTIVE
content	others	Seeking a position in life to utilize my skills and abilities and achieve professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible.
header	education	EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION
header	knowledge	TECHNICAL SKILL
content	knowledge	Programming languages : Basics of C, C++, JavaScript, Angular 8
content	knowledge	Database : SQL WebDevelopment : HTML 4 and CSS
header	others	AREA OF INTEREST
content	knowledge	JAVA Programming.
content	knowledge	Data structures.
header	knowledge	VALUE ADDED COURSES
content	education	Completed DCP (C, C++) Course in CSC Computer Education in Periyakulam ,Theni dist.
header	project	PROJECT TITLE
content	project	Collaborative Game Development by Using UNITY 3D
header	others	SUMMARY
content	project	3D game developed by Using UNITY 3D
content	project	Unity 3D is a cross platform game engine.
content	project	Collaborative is a process of connecting four players simultaneously to play the game.
content	project	Players are connected by using Facebook SDK Toolkit, toolkit allows players to connect with facebook account and providing connected circle with known person.
content	project	There are some software’s for designing the models and characters.
content	project	For character design using Miximo fuse software and buildings are design by using Edificius software. C# Coding is developed for giving motion to the characters.
content	project	By using two brain gaming concept player need to survive himself and defend from another one attacks.
header	others	ACHIEVEMENTS
content	others	Won 1st prize in Multimedia competition” SCHOPFER 2K18”National level technical symposium conducted by Department of Computer Science And Engineering at Theni Kammavar Sangam College of Technology, Theni.
header	experience	ABOUT INTERNSHIP:
content	experience	I got internship programme in NIXSERV IT Solution Bangalore, specialized in website front end designing using HTML 4 and CSS
content	experience	In part of internship the site designs are
content	knowledge	Interior design
content	knowledge	School Website designs
header	others	PERSONAL PROFILE
meta	others	.
meta	others	Father’s Name : G.Ravindran
meta	others	Date of Birth : 28-07-1997
meta	others	Address : 15,North Poonthottam Street, Vadagarai,
meta	others	Periyakulam,Theni (dt)
meta	others	Hobby : Cricket, Volley Ball, Reading Magazine
meta	others	Language Known : Tamil ,English, Telugu
header	others	DECLARATION
content	others	I hereby declare that all the above information is true to the best of my knowledge.
