content	experience	Having 2+ years of experience in all aspects of Design and Development on JSE, JEE, Spring, Hibernate and Web-services based system and have developed Enterprise Level Application.
content	experience	Experience in ORM technologies and ORM based framework like Hibernate and JPA.
content	experience	Hands on experience in Spring ORM Technology (Spring with Hibernate Integration).
content	experience	Hands on experience in working with Spring AOP.
content	experience	Hands on experience in working with Restful Api (JAX-RS).
content	experience	Hands on experience in binding technologies like JAXB.
content	experience	Hands on experience in parsing technologies like JAXP (SAX, DOM).
content	experience	Self-motivated, curious and a strong sense of ownership.
header	experience	Work Experience:
header	education	Educational Qualification:
content	education	Master of Computer Applications (MCA) from Uttar Pradesh Technical University (Lucknow) with 70% marks.
meta	knowledge	To achieve a position in a results-oriented company, where I can efficiently use my 2+ years of experience, acquired skills and education to be utilized toward continued growth and advancement of company’s success and individual.
header	knowledge	Technical Summary:
content	knowledge	Practical exposer in presentation tier technologies framework like Spring MVC.
content	knowledge	Having a good knowledge on Struts Framework.
content	knowledge	Having Knowledge of Spring Transaction.
content	knowledge	Having Awareness of SOAP Web Services (JAX-WS).
content	knowledge	Having Awareness of Spring Boot.
content	knowledge	Knowledge on swagger.
content	knowledge	Awareness of Micro Services.
content	knowledge	Having knowledge in integrated technologies like XML, XSD, and Namespaces.
content	knowledge	Having Good knowledge of OOP Concepts, Collections and Exception Handling.
content	knowledge	Hands-on Knowledge on JPA Annotation.
header	knowledge	Technical Skills:
content	project	Experience in implementing various Design Patterns such as Strategy Design Pattern, Factory Design Pattern and Singleton Design Pattern, Front Controller, Builder Design Pattern, DAO.
content	project	Effectively communicate with all team members and with the management team.
content	project	Involved in Agile Scrum Methodologies to develop the project.
header	project	Project Experience:
meta	others	Email: udaypankaj.singh12@gmail.com Mobile: +91 9616884881
meta	others	To achieve a position in a results-oriented company, where I can efficiently use my 2+ years of experience, acquired skills and education to be utilized toward continued growth and advancement of company’s success and individual.
meta	others	Date: Uday Veer Singh