content	experience	I’m a B-tech from NIT having 7.0 years of experience in Java Development in terms of
content	experience	•  Experience in designing and developing applications using Java / J2EE technologies like
content	experience	•  Experience  in  developing  applications  based  on  architectures  like  Microservices  using
content	experience	•  Experience in Migrating Legacy applications (Mainframes) to Containerized applications
content	experience	•  Working Experience in Web Services like SOAP, RESTFULL and XMF.
content	experience	•  Working Experience in Java Messaging Service using TIBCO and ESB.
content	experience	•  Working Experience with version control tool like SVN, GIT.
content	experience	•  Working Experience in Agile Methodologies and Atlasian Jira Scrum.
content	experience	WebFlux and Spring HATEOAS.
content	experience	Toad, PL/SQL Developer, Robo 3T
header	experience	Professional Experience:
content	experience	  Working  as  Senior  Software  Engineer  at    Prokarma  Softech  pvt  ltd,  Hyderabad,INDIA
content	experience	  Worked as Associate-project at Cognizant Technologies Solution pvt ltd, Chennai,INDIA
content	experience	  B-Tech in ECE from National Institute of Technology (NIT) Calicut.
content	experience	Docker, Kubernetes, CI, Log4j, EasyMock,   Sonar Lint 4.5.1 and ECL emma.
content	experience	  Migrate Legacy applications ( Jhe, SOAP)  to containerized Rest Services.
content	experience	SVN, Jenkins CI, Log4j, EasyMock,   Sonar Lint 4.5.1 and ECL emma.
content	experience	Lint and ECL emma.
content	experience	applicable to new IDE (Helix).
header	education	Educational Qualifications:
content	knowledge	testing),  Deployment,  Cloud  Migration,
content	knowledge	Java  8,  Spring  Boot,  Spring  Cloud,  Spring  Data  JPA,  Spring  Rest,  Spring  WebFlux,
content	knowledge	Spring JMS and Hibernate.
content	knowledge	Spring Boot,Spring Cloud and Java 8.
content	knowledge	using Spring Boot and Docker.
content	knowledge	•  Working  Experience  in  Relational  Databases,  SQL  and  ORM  Technologies(Open  JPA,
content	knowledge	Hibernate).
content	knowledge	•  Working Experience using Jenkins CI for Deployment phases.
content	knowledge	•  Ability to solve complex technical challenges independently.
content	knowledge	Frameworks:
content	knowledge	Spring, Spring Boot, Spring Data JPA , Spring Rest, Spring
content	knowledge	RESTFULL, SOAP and XMF
content	knowledge	DB2, Oracle, Mongodb , CosmosDb, Ibatis
content	knowledge	Eclipse, Spring Tool Suite
content	knowledge	Tomcat 8.0, JBoss, TIBCO.
content	knowledge	API testing
content	knowledge	3.7.2, PLSQL, Maven 3.2, SVN, Jenkins , ICE,  Log4j, EasyMock,   Sonar Lint 4.5.1 and ECL
content	knowledge	MapStruct,  Tomcat  8.0,  Spring  STS  3.7.2,  PLSQL,  Maven  3.2,  SVN,  Jenkins  ,  ICE,    Log4j,
content	knowledge	Data Rest, DB2 , MapStruct, Tomcat 8.0, Spring STS 3.7.2, PLSQL, Maven 3.2, SVN, Jenkins ,
content	knowledge	Data Rest, DB2 , CosmosDB, MapStruct, Tomcat 8.0, Spring STS 3.7.2, Toad 6.0, Maven 3.2,
content	knowledge	user recovers it and saves to the DB once the process is completed.
content	knowledge	the  exiting  business  logic  from  hdold  Corono  to  new  helix,  defining  new  business  Rules
content	knowledge	  Developed JPA interfaces for the Entities.
content	knowledge	Spring Rest.
content	project	Software  development  life  cycle  involving  Requirement  Gathering,  Technical  analysis,
content	project	Design,  Development(Coding  and  Unit
content	project	Documentation  in  a  web  based  environment,  Distributed  n-tier  architecture  and  Client
content	project	Server architecture.
content	project	•  Capability of Handing Team and other Management activities.
content	project	Code Repository:
content	project	Unit Testing
content	project	Postman, SoapUI
content	project	Code Quality
content	project	SonarQube, Sonar Lint,  ECL emma
content	project	from Feb 2017 to till date.
content	project	  Worked  as  Associate  Systems  Engineer  at  IBM,  Pune,  INDIA  from  Aug  2012  to    Dec
content	project	Project #06:
content	project	: Migrate Business Rules Management Systems from SOAP to REST
content	project	: Jan 2019 to Mar 2019
content	project	: Java 1.8, Spring Boot 1.4, Spring Rest, Oracle ,  Tomcat 8.0, Spring STS
content	project	: Senior Developer
content	project	Description:  BRMS  is  an  Infrastructure  project  which  is  exposed  as  framework  to  the
content	project	customers, it automates the process of validation.
content	project	BRMS  engine  is  a  Service  provider  and  Event  handler,  it  process  requests  and  also  refreshes
content	project	As the Customers requested for Http end points. BRMS engine migrated to Http from Soap.
content	project	  Created Design document for exposing service provider as HTTP end point required for
content	project	  Migrated the Existing BRMS Engine using Spring Boot, Java 8.
content	project	  Created a Http End point across service provider.
content	project	  Developed Spring Boot configuration files.
content	project	Project #05:
content	project	: SOLR real time updates for Business Rules Management Systems DB
content	project	: Sep 2018 to Dec 2018
content	project	:  Java  1.8,  Spring  Boot  1.4,  Spring  WebFlux,  Spring  Data  JPA,  Oracle  ,
content	project	EasyMock,   Sonar Lint 4.5.1 and ECL emma.
content	project	: Senior Developer
content	project	Description: BRMS automates the process of validation of a service. The rules provided by the
content	project	customer are used for the validation.
content	project	As  the  number  of  rules  are  increasing,  the  faster  search  is  required.  So  Solr  job  is  created  to
content	project	populate the rules from DB to Solr.
content	project	  Created Design document for Usecases required for Developmet.
content	project	  Translate application storyboards and use cases into functional applications
content	project	  Developed Business logic through Spring Boot Framework.
content	project	  Developed Spring Boot configuration files
content	project	Project #04:
content	project	: Business Rules Management Systems
content	project	: Feb 2017 to present
content	project	: Java 1.8, Angular 2, Spring Boot 1.4, Spring 4.2.3, Hibernate 5.0, Spring
content	project	: Senior Developer
content	project	Description:  BRMS  is  an  Infrastructure  project  which  is  exposed  as  framework  to  the
content	project	customers, it automates the process of decision making using Jess Rule engine
content	project	BRMS will build Templates and Rules specific to each Service. A Jess Rule Engine takes Facts
content	project	as  inputs  and  takes  decisions  based  on  the  patterns  provided  in  the  rules  and  publish  the  valid
content	project	facts to the customer.
content	project	  Created Design document for Usecases required for Developmet.
content	project	  Translate application storyboards and use cases into functional applications
content	project	  Responsible for Code Build, Deployment and release to QA  using Jenkins, Docker and
content	project	Implemented Real time updates for BRMS Db using Solr.
content	project	Implemented schedulers using Quartz Api for purging expired rules.
content	project	  Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of the applications.
content	project	  Given KT on Project and Technology for new project members and guided them during
content	project	Project #03:
content	project	: Jan 2016 to Feb 2017
content	project	:  JDK  1.8,  Azure,  Spring  Boot  1.4,  Spring  4.2.3,  Hibernate  5.0,  Spring
content	project	: Developer
content	project	Description:  Pace  Client  Admin  project  is  an  Administrative  application  which  automates  the
content	project	process of creation and maintenance of the Rules  and Rates used for generating the invoice to
content	project	A Rule Engine provides sample rules required for the Account based on eligibility requirement
content	project	that Legal Agreement/contract should meet and stores  as an XML for every Open Period.
content	project	Pace  will  build  Rules
content	project	from  (XML  cached)Lookup  Rules
content	project	Agreement/contract  or  copying  of  Rules  from  existing  account  or  configuring  existing  rules
content	project	based  on  the  XML  Data  provided  by  the  rule  engine.  Similarly  Rates  are  built  or  copied  or
content	project	configured from existing Rules to new Rules based on the XML data provided under the Rules
content	project	The  entire  PACE  process  takes  more  than  Two  days  to  complete,  Instead  of  saving  the
content	project	partially created/edited data we save them in a stagging table as XML and retrieves it when the
content	project	  Migrate Mainframe applications  to containerized Rest Services.
content	project	  Gathered requirements, designed the Usecase Documents for development.
content	project	  Created Design document for Usecases required for Developmet.
content	project	  Responsible for Code Build, Deployment and release to QA  using Jenkins, Docker and
content	project	  Developed YML files required for the project and deployed into the Config Server.
content	project	  Developed Spring Boot Configuration files.
content	project	  Given KT on Project and Technology for new project members and guided them during
content	project	  Responsible for Code Build, Deployment and release to QA  using Jenkins.
header	project	Project #2:
content	project	: Paypal Shipping Migration
content	project	: Paypal, USA.
content	project	: Sep 2014 to Nov 2015
content	project	:Java, Spring, Hibernate, Jersey, Eclipse, Maven, SVN, Jenkins CI,Sonar
content	project	Description:  The intended purpose of the Shipping Migration team is to migrate the association
content	project	of business  rules related to  shipping label  and maintenance of existing business rules. Copying
content	project	Involved in developing Business logic through Spring Framework.
content	project	  Developed the persistency logic and business transactions logic using hibernate.
content	project	  Developed the Server side validations.
content	project	  Developed the Entities and DTOs for the development.
content	project	  Developed Utility classes required for the project.
content	project	  Developed  RestControllers  for  client  and  Repository  Rest  Controllers  for  server  using
content	project	  Developed RestTemplate and  used for communication between Client and server.
content	project	Involved in development of spring configuration files
header	project	Project #1:
content	project	: American Express, USA
content	project	: April 2013 to June 2014
content	project	:Java, Spring, Hibernate, Eclipse.
content	project	Description        :  The purpose of the XPG Global  Release is  to  bring  XPG system to  parity or
content	project	greater than NGP. The XPG Global will have ability to deploy a corporation globally and service
content	project	the corporation across the regions.  It  will also  help  eliminate the org and sub org structure and
content	project	will  utilize  rules  management  functionality  to  apply  the  custom  fields  and  selected  standard
content	project	interface which will be actively used by Travel Counselors to manage the traveler’s profile. This
content	project	functionality will be available only for new corporations that are deployed under global root. The
content	project	global  corporation  under  global  root  will  have  all  the  standard  fields  and  relevant  market
content	project	said, there are selected standard fields that are available at the corporation level for which view
content	project	Implemented “Type Ahead” for the searching using Spring data jpa projections.
content	project	  Developed database queries needed for this application using Querydsl.
content	project	  Developed the persistency logic and business transactions logic using hibernate.
content	project	Involved in developing Business logic through Spring Framework.
content	project	Interacted with the client team to understand the requirements.
meta	others	Email:vikram.fk3003@gmail.com
meta	others	Mobile: +91-7306050629
meta	others	Email:vikram.fk3003@gmail.com
meta	others	Mobile: +91-7306050629
meta	others	Email:vikram.fk3003@gmail.com
meta	others	Mobile: +91-7306050629
meta	others	: Union Pacific Rail Road,U.S.
meta	others	Email:vikram.fk3003@gmail.com
meta	others	Mobile: +91-7306050629
meta	others	: Union Pacific Rail Road,U.S.
meta	others	Email:vikram.fk3003@gmail.com
meta	others	Mobile: +91-7306050629
meta	others	: Union Pacific Rail Road,U.S.
meta	others	Email:vikram.fk3003@gmail.com
meta	others	Mobile: +91-7306050629
meta	others	Email:vikram.fk3003@gmail.com
meta	others	Mobile: +91-7306050629
meta	others	Email:vikram.fk3003@gmail.com
meta	others	Mobile: +91-7306050629